Reinstated user behavior (#8253)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/cloud-seats-and-users.md

  - Click the [**Invite Users**](/docs/cloud/manage-access/invite-users) button. 
  - For fine-grained permission configuration, refer to [Role based access control](/docs/cloud/manage-access/about-user-access#role-based-access-control-).

>   :::info reinstated user

Author: ```suggestion
  :::info reinstated users
```

>   If a previously deleted user is invited back to the account with the same email address, their personal profile information, including linked accounts, will persist (unless the user deleted the connection from the source account, like GitHub). 

Author: ```suggestion
  If you invite a previously deleted user back to your account with the same email address, their personal profile information, including linked accounts, will persist (unless the user deleted the connection from the source account, like GitHub). 
```

>   Permissions and access settings will need to be reassigned.

Author: ```suggestion
  Any previously assigned permissions and access settings are reset, and you will have to reassign them.
```
